docs: provide guidelines for commercial support (#5712)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: SUPPORT.md

# Commercial Support for CloudNativePG

CloudNativePG is an independent open-source project and does not officially
endorse any specific company or service provider.

However, to assist users in finding professional support, the
"[Commercial Support](https://cloudnative-pg.io/support/)"
page offers an alphabetical list of companies and individuals providing
CloudNativePG-related products or services.

*Please note that the CloudNativePG authors are not responsible for the accuracy
or content provided by the listed companies or individuals.*

## How to Get Listed

> To have your company or personal services featured on this list, please follow

Reviewer: maybe mention where one should open the PR? https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg.github.io/tree/main/content/support

Author: you are right, I had placed a link which was removed in the porting to md

Author: is it better now?

these steps to submit a pull request to the CloudNativePG website:

1. **Organisation Name**: Clearly specify the name of your company or entity.
2. **Organisation Logo**: Provide your company logo in SVG format.
3. **Website Link**: Include a link to your homepage or a dedicated landing
  page that explicitly mentions CloudNativePG support and includes at least one
  link back to [cloudnative-pg.io](https://cloudnative-pg.io).
4. **Organisation Description**: Submit a concise description of your company,
  with a particular focus on your CloudNativePG and Kubernetes-related
  professional support services (*maximum 400 characters*).

[CloudNativePG maintainers will review each submission](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/governance/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#voting)

> and reserve the right to vet your request if your website doesn’t clearly

Reviewer 2: I think "vet" should always happen.

```suggestion
and reserve the right to veto your request if your website doesn’t clearly
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, reject is better IMO

Author: look now

> and reserve the right to vet your request if your website doesn’t clearly
> mention CloudNativePG support, includes at least one link back to
> [cloudnative-pg.io](https://cloudnative-pg.io), or if your claims cannot be

Reviewer 2: Looking at this, it may be parsed (or at least I parsed it) as saying that requests
should NOT "include at least one link back".
IMO it's better to be redundant.

```suggestion
and reserve the right to vet your request if your website doesn’t clearly
mention CloudNativePG support, if it doesn't include at least one link back to
[cloudnative-pg.io](https://cloudnative-pg.io), or if your claims cannot be
```

Author: check now

page offers an alphabetical list of companies and individuals providing
CloudNativePG-related products or services.

*Please note that the CloudNativePG authors are not responsible for the accuracy
or content provided by the listed companies or individuals.*

## How to Get Listed

To have your company or personal services featured on this list, please submit
a [pull request to the CloudNativePG website](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg.github.io)
by adding a `.md` file in the [`content/support` folder](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg.github.io/tree/main/content/support)
containing the following information:

1. **Organisation Name**: Clearly specify the name of your company or entity.
2. **Organisation Logo**: Provide your company logo in SVG format.
3. **Website Link**: Include a link to your homepage or a dedicated landing
  page that explicitly mentions CloudNativePG support and includes at least one
  link back to [cloudnative-pg.io](https://cloudnative-pg.io).
4. **Organisation Description**: Submit a concise description of your company,
  with a particular focus on your CloudNativePG and Kubernetes-related

>   professional support services (*maximum 400 characters*).

Author: We could remove this fourth item and just leave organisation name, logo and link. what do other @cloudnative-pg/maintainers think? This would also imply that we remove ", or if your
claims cannot be objectively verified" below.

Reviewer 3: I second the proposal to remove the description field. Keeping the listing streamlined with just the name, logo, and URL would simplify the process and make it more efficient, ensuring consistency across entries.
